The queen's youthful anger,
This touching is so rude,
I haven’t had a chance to see Miss Chen’s peach honey,
I will definitely use my hands and feet,
Nv Chen felt it was inappropriate and dared to avoid it.
I still became a fan of this skill,
Do you dare to earn your own merit?
How could you harm Emperor Shi and dare to spread it on the earth?
This skill is indispensable to you.
The Queen's appearance is indeed,
This touch is because I listened to your advice and became a human being.
Then if this is touched,
It’s not right yet,
I also listened to your advice,
Just in time, Princess Li,
As soon as he opens his mouth, he speaks wildly.
Her good wishes
I was willing to ask for Huang Hou Niang like this. I wanted to say Huang Hou Niang.
Talk about Huang Hou Niang, talk about Huang Hou Niang
Taking advantage of the crown prince
Huang Houniang is investigating the case
Don't worry about these things, right?
But if Huang Hou Niang wants to protect her upper body,
That’s where you look like you
This guy is my father's cousin
Naturally, they are all basically male.
But I don’t know how to deceive a real person
It is impossible for me to fully grasp
what she did
I just said it
Huang Houniang must work hard
How could it be possible that Huang Hou Niang, who is under his command, could be so hot?
Doing the worst thing possible?